add nonce parameter to EIP 712 signatures with justification (#41)
LibertyDSNP/spec: pages/Identity/Registry.md

| Version | Status |
---------- | ---------
<<<<<<< HEAD
| 0.2     | Tentative |
=======
| 0.3     | Tentative |

> >>>>>>> add nonce parameter to EIP 712 signatures with justification

Reviewer: Looks like some merge slipped in

Clients resolving handles MUST implement a method to detect potential homographs and check both user settings and potentially check the registry for additional potential matching DSNP Ids.

### EIP 712 Methods, Replay Attacks and Nonces

> The Registry supports EIP 712 methods to permit a second party to pay gas costs for address and handle changes. Once an EIP 712 transaction is made, anyone may replay that action without further authorization. This breaks our security guarantees when the registration owner has made an additional change to either address or handle. To mitigate this, the Registry contract MUST store a nonce for every registration. When it receives an EIP 712 transaction, it MUST check that the nonce parameter matches the stored nonce, and it MUST increment the stored nonce if the transaction succeeds.

Reviewer 2: ❤️

Clients resolving handles MUST implement a method to detect potential homographs and check both user settings and potentially check the registry for additional potential matching DSNP Ids.

### EIP 712 Methods, Replay Attacks and Nonces

> The Registry supports EIP 712 methods to permit a second party to pay gas costs for address and handle changes. Once an EIP 712 transaction is made, anyone may replay that action without further authorization. This breaks our security guarantees when the registration owner has made an additional change to either address or handle. To mitigate this, the Registry contract MUST store a nonce for every registration. When it receives an EIP 712 transaction, it MUST check that the nonce parameter matches the stored nonce, and it MUST increment the stored nonce if the transaction succeeds.

Reviewer: Could you break out each sentence on it's own line? As long as it's only a single newline, it won't show up on the rendered page, but it makes diffs easier to read.

The `IRegistry.resolveHandleToId` method is the most efficient for discovery of current values.
To retrieve historical values, perform a log search using the `DSNPRegistryUpdate` event.

### Current Handle -> Nonce

> The `IRegistry.resolveHandleToNonce` method is the only method for discovery of the current nonce.

Reviewer 3: For me at least "current" meant most recently used (aka ethereum's getTransactionCount), but that is not what it means right?
```suggestion
The `IRegistry.resolveHandleToNonce` method is the only method for discovery of the next nonce to use.
```

Author: The current stored nonce should be next nonce to use (i.e. stored nonces should start at 0 and the first EIP 712 transaction should have a nonce of zero). I suppose the suggestion makes this a little more clear.

     * @param v EIP-155 calculated Signature v value
     * @param newAddr New address for the DSNP Id to point at
     * @param handle The handle to modify
     * @param nonce The expected nonce for this update (must match return value of resolveHandleToNonce())
     * 
     * MUST be signed by someone who is authorized on the contract
     *      via `IDelegation(oldAddr).isAuthorizedTo(ecrecovedAddr, Permission.OWNERSHIP_TRANSFER, block.number)`
     * MUST check that newAddr implements IDelegation interface
     * TODO: FIX THE ISSUE OF newAddr not being a part of the creation
     * MUST emit DSNPRegistryUpdate
     */

>     function changeAddressByEIP712Sig(bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint32 v, address newAddr, string handle, uint64 nonce) external;

Reviewer 3: @acruikshank Are we sure we want a 64 bit nonce? (address + id + nonce) 160+64+64 > 256 So our struct would take more than one storage slot. A 32 bit nonce would fit us into a single 256 slot 160+64+32.

Author: I'll change it. I thought this would be handled by the number encoding when the struct is packed, but I can't find a definitive answer on that.
